## Lottery system

---

### README

We are building a web-based lottery system.

In this system, we are selling tickets and perform the draws continuously and periodically.

After the previous draw, contestants can start to participate in the next draw.

Our system will generate a **random number/string** and assign it as **1** ticket per contestant.

Every ticket is unique and its identity should be generated by system.

Every **`x`** seconds there will be a draw and there will be only **1** winner.

And the system will response to contestants whether they win or not after the draw.

All tickets in 1 draw will be discarded once said draw is completed.

You are expected to build a back-end server for our front-end application.

We suggest this should be an RESTful API server, but you can adopt whatever approach you find suitable.

You can use whatever language/ framework/ library/ tool you prefer.

### Deliverable

Take a reasonable timeframe to complete the project. It should not take longer than **1 working days**.

After completion, please send your work via Email link to a repo on any **GIT** hosting services.

Please do not include our company name and reference in the repository if this has been set public.

If you have any questions, don't hesitate to contact us via email or reply to the hiring lead(s).

### Bonus Points

It would be a bonus point if you can complete the following:

1. Write code to validate your system. Feel free to use any testing framework of your choice.
2. Outline the limitation of your system and how you will improve it.
3. Your system should be able to deploy in 1 command without using superuser privileges in the host system.

And no worry, please skip this part if you has spent more than 1 working day on this project already.
